https://www.aclcf.org/news/acting-as-a-citizen-an-educational-program-to-form-students-as-active-citizens/ | “ACTING AS A CITIZEN”: AN AL PROGRAM TO FORM STUDENTS AS ACTIVE CITIZENS The participation of children in social life, claiming their place in the society in which they grow up and realizing the value of human rights are some of the elements that compose the term "active citizen" and are at the heart of the educational program "Acting as a Citizen", which is implemented by Lambrakis Foundation with Athanasios C. Laskaridis Charitable Foundation as a partner. The “Acting as a Citizen” program was implemented in 50 schools in Greece during the academic year 2021-2022. Its aim is to inspire students of all grades, from kindergarten to the 3rd grade of Senior High School, to become active citizens, instead of remaining passive spectators of life. Educational research and experiential activities encourage students to observe, express themselves, claim and act responsibly on everything that concerns them; to link their individual responsibility with the collective one; and finally, to implement these values ​​in their everyday lives. A total of 249 teachers of all specialties and 3.764 primary and secondary school students enthusiastically participated in the first phase of the program, which included schools of various types in 18 prefectures and 12 regions of the country. The program will continue in the academic year 2022-2023. In the first event of the program, which took place on Wednesday, 22nd June, lecturers from the participating Institutions and members of the project’s scientific team discussed the importance of cultivating the term “active citizen” in students of all grades, the role of teachers in the development of educational activities that promote the participation of children in social life, as well as for the support and development of educational programs that focus on the citizens of tomorrow. In addition, many thematic activities which were carried out this year by students in schools across the country were highlighted. The project “Acting as a Citizen” is implemented within the framework of the Active citizens fund programme with the Lambrakis Foundation as implementing body and the Athanasios C. Laskaridis Charitable Foundation as a partner. The Active Citizens Fund programme, amounting to €13,5 million, is funded by Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway and is part of the financial mechanism of the European Economic Area (EEA) for the period 2014 – 2021, known as EEA Grants. The program aims to enhance and strengthen the sustainability of civil society and to highlight its role in promoting democratic processes, supporting citizens’ participation in society and defending human rights. The management of the grant of the Active citizens fund programme for Greece has been jointly undertaken by the Bodosaki Foundation and Solidarity Now. Read more here: https://www.activecitizensfund.gr/en/ Meet Our Team LATEST PRESENTATION OF COLLECTIVE PUBLICATION “PANDEMIC, AND MAN IN GREECE” CONFERENCE: BENEVOLENCE AND MODERN HELLENICISM